{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green79\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B+ Tree Grading
\f1\b0 \
\
Hi Everyone,\'a0\
\
Lots of announcements about the grading of the B+ Tree:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
First off,\'a0we're sorry that the grading took so long...there was a lot of manual grading to be done so it took a while. I appreciate your patience.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The grading was split into auto grading, manual grading, and test/style design.\'a0The complete rubric\'a0is here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://piazza.com/redirect/s3?bucket=uploads&prefix=attach%2Fk073l8sv7eb6vh%2Fi59o18kxkaf4ko%2Fk33n82smmzu5%2Frubric.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 rubric.txt}}\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As mentioned in the rubric, if you didn't pass any of the given insertion tests, we tried to give you partial credit based on the code you did write. Zhihan and I used this rubric ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://piazza.com/redirect/s3?bucket=uploads&prefix=attach%2Fk073l8sv7eb6vh%2Fi59o18kxkaf4ko%2Fk33n1o16y3gi%2Faddl_manual.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 addl_manual.txt}})\'a0for those submissions, which should have been sent to you via email from Ruohui. I graded all of the tests and style for the submissions which should have also been sent to you, and the rubric for that is here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://piazza.com/redirect/s3?bucket=uploads&prefix=attach%2Fk073l8sv7eb6vh%2Fi59o18kxkaf4ko%2Fk33n45l38bse%2Fmanual.txt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 manual.txt}}\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The final thing that should have been sent to you in the email is your point breakdown. Each comma separated value is a different point category, and the order and max points are here:\'a0
\f0\b Tests/style\'a0
\f1\b0 (20), 
\f0\b Compiling
\f1\b0  (14), 
\f0\b Manual
\f1\b0  (35), 
\f0\b Given Insertion Tests
\f1\b0  (18), 
\f0\b Given Error Tests
\f1\b0  (5), 
\f0\b Test 5
\f1\b0  (2), 
\f0\b Test 6
\f1\b0  (2), 
\f0\b Test 7
\f1\b0  (2), 
\f0\b Test 8
\f1\b0  (2), 
\f0\b Final Score
\f1\b0  (100)\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I tried to give pretty generous scores all around in the manual grading, so it's still possible to get around an 80 even if you didn't pass any of the provided insertion tests. The manual grading portion is admittedly somewhat subjective, but I was looking to see if\'a0effort was put into writing/implementing the insertion and scan algorithm, and I was basically looking for 5 main things (which are listed in the addl_manual.txt file). If you passed the 3 given autograded tests, you got full points for this "manual" part because we assume that if you were able to pass those tests, these things were being done already in your submission.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With this manual grading portion, it's possible that Zhihan or I missed something in your submission. This time we're not likely to be as generous with partial credit, especially if you didn't pass any tests. If you think we missed something blatant in the additional manual grading, please email the grader (either me or Zhihan) and make a note of where you think you deserve points (what I missed and what line number you want me to look at). I'll look it over and let you know, but again, keep in mind that I'm not going to be super generous if you only half implemented something and want points back...this manual grading thing is more for people who clearly spent lots of time on implementation and have lots of code written but just could not get it working in time.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We did run a measure of similarity test between your btree.cpp files and some submissions we found on public GitHub repos and found some pretty clear evidence of plagiarism. We've decided to give zeros on this project to those students who submitted code that was marked as extremely similar to one of the GitHub submissions. This is clearly unacceptable so while I don't feel good about giving a 0 to a project worth 20% of your grade, I feel it's not an undeserved punishment. If you have a score of 0 listed for this assignment on Canvas and have questions, contact me and cc Professor Graefe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Kyle\
}